The Joe Rogan.
Experience I want to ask you about, and this may be off topic,
but the Dante Wilder, uh, excuse he came out with today, what.
Are you unfortunate? Do you, do you.
Think, uh, is there any validity to that?
Uh, if there's a look I put a, do you know what a, um,
um, uh, it's called, uh, what's it called an Atlas pack? Yes.
I put an Atlas pack on my back all the time and I put a 45 pound plate on,
so it's about 55 pounds and I go hiking through the Hills and after I could
still do whatever the I want. And I'm just Joe Rogan.
I'm not going to be on tape Wilder.
The idea that Deontay Wilder with a 40 pound outfit on that,
it killed his legs. Walk into the ring. That's crazy talk.
I don't understand why he would say that. I mean, maybe it's true if it's true.
He said he had it on like 20 minutes before 15 minutes before he went out.
Yeah. Look, it's possible that, that tire them out. It's possible. Yeah.
I'm not, I'm not like I'm no fight expert or anything.
So I just don't know if there's validity in it.
Well, who the would let him put that on? If that was that heavy?
That it was 40 pounds.
It had got to the point where it actually wore his body out.
I was just walking to the ring.
And on the night before they said, and he liked it. So he's like, I'm aware.
Well, he's he makes the decisions. It was his. Yeah.
Yeah. That's a crazy decision. Um, no,
that's not what happened though. I mean, it might've wor I mean,
he just got beat up. It might've wore him out, but the,
the real big thing happened in the third round. When Tyson fury, he,
he put that jab in his face and hit him with that beautiful overhand. Right,
right on the ear and dropped him.
Equilibrium went off after that.
Oh yeah. A hundred percent. Cause he was, he was bleeding out of his ear.
So that's a significant injury.
It could be a ruptured eardrum when you get hit on the ear like that,
like a lot of times your eardrum ruptures happens all the time.
And when that happens, you don't know how to stand up. Right. You're your,
body's all wacky. It's not moving correctly.
And that's what it looked like with him. And that's what I was saying.
When I was watching it, I was like, his equilibrium's off. I'll go.
This is what's going on. And then eventually the commentator said it as well,
but his, um, his legs weren't under him. Um, but also he was getting bombed on.
He was getting bombed and Tyson fury was, uh, hanging on him.
He would wrap his arm around his head and lean on him with that 270 pounds.
So he's carrying all that too. Like,
and Tyson fury did something that had never been done before.
And then he bullied Deontay Wilder.
He got on it and he came in heavy and a lot of people thought he came in too
heavy. But I think one of the reasons why he came in heavy as this,
as part of the strategy he went to what's up,
you got some did not have a broken eardrum,
apparently a minor laceration to his ear.
A Wilder did not have a broken jaw.
Someone speculate nor did he have a broken eardrum.
He had a two centimeter cut on his ear that took seven stitches to close defeat.
The fewer was the first a Wallace professional career. That's interesting. So,
uh, even though he didn't have a ruptured eardrum,
he still took a significant shot to the ear,
which oftentimes up your equilibrium and, uh, any shot to the temple,
to the ear. A lot of times it up your bounce. Um,
but like he got bombed on. Oh yeah. And he and Tyson,
fury figured something out in the first fight that in the 12th round, uh,
Deontay did not like it. When he came after him, he said he doesn't fight well,
backing up. He said, he's awkward on his feet.
And so instead of letting Deontay come to him and he was boxing,
like he did for most of the first fight, he fought the second fight,
the way he fought him in the second in the 12th round,
he came in to just get glued to his face run right after him hit him on the
right hand. And, uh, he, he bullied the bully, you know?
And you know, I don't mean Deontay is a bully, like in a bad way. I mean,
he's like his style is he's very aggressive.
He's at one of the most ruthless punching knockout artists in the history of the
sport. If not the number one,
I mean the guy has 42 knockouts, which is insane.
Like his, or maybe he has 41 40,
I think he's got 41 knockouts, 42 wins,
one by decision and one draw. And now he has one loss.
Tyson had less Tyson went to decision with a lot of people.
And I went to the decision with Mitch blood green. He went to decision with, uh,
I mean, you can go down the list. There was a lot of people,
Tyson's obviously one of the greats and obviously a brutal knockout artists.
But Deontay Wilder has that touch at death. It's crazy. I mean,
he dropped Tyson fury twice in their first fight and the 12th round,
it looked like he was.
But do you think they should've stopped it at the seventh.
Or earlier?
I think it's better for his life and his career that they stopped it.
He wasn't going to come back. I don't think he was gonna come back.
He's getting up.
And Tyson fury was not gonna stop punching him in the head either.
He was going to keep doing it.
Tyson was pure and clean and literally unharmed
and looked fantastic. I mean, he'd been hit a couple of times, but no problems.
There was nothing that rocked him. Nothing that hurt him, you know,
a few punches bounced off of him, but he was putting it on Deontay Wilder, Amy.
He was putting it on him. Yeah.
If that is true that he had it on for 20 minutes and then it really wore him
out.
That's that's exceptionally silly on the part of his management to allow
that, to happen. That someone didn't see that,
that his trainer didn't see that they didn't recognize that that was going to be
a big problem because maybe he didn't calculate it.
Well, I think he just threw it on the night before and goes, oh, it feels good.
Didn't really think I'm going to be in this thing for close to 35 minutes before
I get on, you know, he has to be back there 20 minutes.
Then the walk-up is like three or four minutes.
And then you walking into the ring, you gotta carry it around.
Well, you lock it in the ring. Yeah. You know, it's a good point.
It had an effect, a guarantee you would have an effect, but the question is,
would it have enough of an effect that it would his legs up to the point where
he couldn't recover? Maybe David's valid. The only.
The only comparison I haven't, like I said, I know nothing about boxing,
but if I hope my son is 35 pounds. If I hold him for like 10 minutes, I'm tired,
but I'm not a professional boxer.
Your arms are tired. Would you like to be tired? Like my kid, my 11 year olds,
80 pounds, I walk around Disneyland with her on my shoulders. Yeah. I can,
you know, I could see, but then again, I'm not fighting afterwards.
I could see it having an effect. How much of an effect is the question?
It's just silly that they let them do it. I mean,
if I pick that thing up and I was as his trainer, I'd be, Hey, Hey, Hey,
feel this now. Think about how long are you going to have this song? this.
Let's just go out there. Norm Amit guaranteed. Next time you see him,
he's going to be dressed like Tyson trucks. Yeah. Just trunks,
a small towel around his neck. Like Tyson used to do.
That was so intimidating. The way that dude just came in, he just talks.
He just came in like, what? Let's do this.
He would just storm towards that rain.
You would see death coming down that aisle. You're like, oh my God,
what have I signed up for?
It was.
So true. What am I signed up for? And.
Read Tyson's book. And I interviewed, he was like, man, I was like, ah,
so he was scared. Yeah. Every time we walked in a ring, he was petrified. Yeah.
Look like a man. Well, once he got in there, he, you know,
he put himself into the position that he's been in many, many, many times.
Just the, he was the destroyer, but all the lead up to, I mean,
such anticipation with everybody's head. Yeah.
I think T Deontay will be better than ever for the next fight.
The question is if Tyson fury fights in that same way and stays on him,
can he beat that Tyson fury? Because Tyson Fury's just boxing his face off.
If w when this does happen, who, who would you pick out the gate on this one?
You have to pick Tyson.
Yeah. Cause I think he won the first fight. Um, Deontay knocked him down twice,
but not only he knocked him down in the 12th round,
but Tyson fury came back and won the remainder of that round.
So you could almost give that round a draw. And then the other round,
when he knocked him down, you got to give to Deontay Wilder.
The remaining 10 rounds are not in dispute.
The remaining 10 rounds went to Tyson fury. So if you just look at it on paper,
he should won that fight.
Although most people weren't upset with the decision because
Deontay almost had him out and it's like, it's exciting. Let's do a rematch,
no big deal. But then in the rematch, Tyson,
fury just took the judges out of the equation and just bombed on them.
It's really unfortunate that there is a question of whether or not that big,
stupid suit was wearing his legs out. Cause if that really is the case,
that bums me out, man. That's what he said. But like, think of it.
I was, I was thinking it was a joke until you told me that it was like,
he wore it for 20 minutes. Then I was like, yeah, well that would be different.
That's different. That's real weight. You know, just put it on.
You walked out there for 30 seconds. You had this 40 pound thing on.
I wouldn't advise it. No.
Good. But he had it on for at least 30 minutes. I would,
if I'm guessing from the walk-in.
And he said he had it on 20 minutes before the fight, he had to do the walk up.
He had to get in the ring in it. And he said, when he took it off,
he knew that was the game changer.
You gotta think Deontay Wilder coming into the fight has flatlined.
Every single opponent he's faced, except for Tyson fury,
sta Vern. He didn't flatline him in the first fight.
He was beaten by decision to beat the out of him. But in the second fight,
he murked him. So he was probably thinking he could Merck.
Anybody always do is to touch him the way he did with Luis Ortiz.
Same thing in the first fight had a tough first fight with him. Second fight.
Merck's him with one punch. I think he just had this thing in his head.
That that's what he does. And he's going to do that to Tyson fury too.
And he never believed at Tyson. Fury was actually going to fight that way.
There's going to jump on them.
But Tyson said he was going to do it. I know, but like told them the game plan.
Tell us, after you literally said you don't believe a word you're saying,
that's what he said. He believes it now. He believes it.
Now I'm real excited. I'm excited.
I'm excited for the third one while they were talking about him fighting
Anthony, Joshua Tyson, fury financially, Joshua first.
Um, and if that does happen, I think he beats Anthony Joshua.
I think Tyson Fury's the best heavyweight on earth. I do.
And I think the only person that could beat him is probably Wilder.
If Wilder can recreate the success of the first fight and catch him,
did you think.
Or, cause I remember like after Tyson stopped boxing or after, you know,
he lost, I kind of lost, uh,
a lot of interest in it because I grew up with like sugar Ray, uh,
Tommy Hearns and marvelous, Marvin Hagler.
And I felt like I don't see fights like that again.
Oh, well they're they're possible today. I mean,
[inaudible] was an amazing fight. Anytime. Terence Crawford fights I'm in,
I love that guy, but don't you miss.
Back then?
It seemed like every fight was a great fight or is that just getting old and
reminiscent? Yeah.
Okay. Reminiscing. There's some great fighters now. Earl Spence Jr.
Wassily Loma Chenko. I mean, it's a great time for boxing.
It's a really great cause. Now a heavyweight it's a great time for boxing.
And before you crowd jumps on me, like, I don't know anything about boxing,
so I'm not saying anything. Cause I, I.
Well, I'm not a boxing expert. I know, I know some stuff about boxing.
Cause I'm a fan, but I'm just not like MMA.
Like if someone wants to talk to me about MMA,
I can give you very educated opinions on things.
And I can dissect things with boxing. I have some opinions, but you know,
there's other people that are better at it. Yeah. Yeah. It's a good time though.
I like it. I'll get into.
It. Then I'll get into.
It, man. I'll let you know when something big is happening.
When there's a big one, you know, we do these fight companions for UFC fights.
We should do some of them for boxing. We've only done it for glory.
For kickboxing. The song we've done boxing one. I know we should,
should have done it for that fight. We went to went crazy.
We went to crazy. That was a watt. We knocked it down.
The third round. I screamed everybody in my house was like,
what the is going on? I know it. I,
I think they should've stopped it in their fifth or sixth.
They could have done that too. Yeah,
but he's Deontay Wilder manic one punch punch.
He could have one swing and right-hand and next thing you know, Tyson,
Fury's got a flashlight in his face and he can't believe it. I was like, what?
Huh? It's over what happened? That's what Deontay does to people.
When he hit Louis Ortiz and the spray of sweat flew off his face in our teeth,
crumbled. Any of this look in his eyes, like what just happened?
That is hit by God.
Like lightning bolts as true a lightning bolt come out of the sky.
Like people can't believe a Hardy hits, but the key to Tyson Fury's victories,
he didn't let them hit him. Just jumped on him.
And Tyson fury has a unique style like that. Big.
He's six, nine. He's so big. So big. It's so long.
And he's such a good boxer, man.
No one in the heavyweight division has that kind of head movement. I don't know.
He's such a character.
He says he jerked off seven times a day to build his testosterone.
Did you see that? No. You say he's going. I'm going to settle gypsy lube.
He's got his own lube, his own brand, a personal lube that he beats off with.
He says beaten off seven times a day. Increases his testosterone. I don't know.
I don't know if there's facts behind it. I don't know. That might be conjecture.